I slid down the fireman’s pole to my secret lair. Computer booted up in two milliseconds. On the big black monitor wireframe schematics rotated around in 3D. It was time.

I laid a trick for my brother in the form of an antigravity platform at the bottom of the stairs. When he got home from work it tossed him up and he tumbled back down. I began to laugh. I kept on laughing when it tossed him up again. Upon the third toss I was rolling on the floor.

That’s when things got ugly.

My brother has a conceal and carry permit. In mid air he took out his pistol and fired. The first bullet whizzed through my ear lobe, giving me a cool punk rock look. The second blasted a hole through my appendix. Youch. The third was the kill shot, but i managed a quick escape maneuver.

Ever see the movie clock stoppers? It’s about a magic watch that stops time.
I had one, but don’t tell anybody. It’s a story for another… time. Anyway, I slammed the pause button. The bullet was inches from my forehead. I turned it 180 degrees around and hit play. It shot straight back up the barrel of my bro’s pistol and exploded in his hand. I staggered up the stairs and got him in a headlock while he was still dazed.

My appendix wound was dripping pretty bad at this point.
“You're gonna have to lick that blood up,” I said. “It’s gonna make you sick.”

He was whimpering, sweating, even urinating.

“You smell awful, bro,” I added, tightening my grip around his head. “That’s what I like about you. The stench. The pathetic stench.”

His eyes showed all white and his mouth started to foam. My arm was cramping.
Until his head popped off. Uh oh, not again.

It was a decoy. My real brother was at the base of the stairs w a black leather trench coat and a pair of rimless shades. In his right hand he was twisting a wireless detonator switch.

“Kaboom,” he said, waving goodbye.

The fake head exploded in my hands, blowing a huge cavity in my chest. My lungs and heart flopped down the stairs like a slinky, dragging my small intestine along like a spool of yarn. I was coming apart the seems. Game over, brother. You win.

For now.
